we are here at the inauguration of the tam
the newest show house after a wind
cold little worked with us
blue
I am
What do you think of the new box of 8 and
we love the chance
nice with arrivals
so the structure of the house I think is cool
just a nice there lacked a little
Organization on arrival will only believe
that the house is right and that it is a
success in the city because the little kiss
was weighed without taking this money wheel
full has a lot of people coming in will
pumping time is right a party was the
also did not seem to predict that the
It's going to be an hour ago, prince.
a lot of people like the party the next
we will be here tv will take connects you
in your event needs to turn news
Boituva the TV do it for you one
modern language and aims to
message without door tv boituva connects
you